Describe in a high level the solution you have in mind
> Create basic api endpoints using express.js. The db schema will have a users collection and each user can have a list of
listens (musics) and follows (other users). Music will be another collection with each document having a key ("mX") and list of
genres. The recommendation algorithm will be very simple. It will try each of the following ways of getting recommendations,
in priority order, stopping and returning once it has 5 musics to recommend.
1 - recommend all musics that the user has listened to in the past. If not 5 recommendations, augment with step 2.
2 - recommend all music that the user's followees have recommended in the past. If not 5 recommendations, augment with step 3.
3 - if the user has listened to at least one music in the past (mX), recommend based on what other users who have also listened mX
listened to. If not 5 recommendations, augment with step 4.
4 - select musics somewhat randomly to fill in the remaining recommendations.

What other data could you use to improve recommendations?
> 
1 - Expand further through the social graph: recommend from followees' folowees or from people who are following the user
2 - like/dislike data (could add this to the api)
3 - music meta data - with music meta data we could determine other genres based on say the artists that the user listens to. For example,
artist X may usually be thought of as being in genre g1, but also does some songs in genre g2. This would allow us to recommend genre g2.

Assume a more real world situation where you could have more data you described above, and more time to implement, could you think of a possibly more efficient way to recommend?
> One improvement would be to pre-process recommendations for a given user offline and store that so that when somebody hits the
recommendation api, we don't have to do any calculations. This would allow us to do more complicated recommendations and handle
a higher volume of requests. Another improvement to the recommendation algorithm would be to track past recommendations
and if a user requests recommendations within some time period of n minutes, exclude past recommendations and get new ones.

Assume you have more than one implementation of recommendations, how could you test which one is more effective using data generated by user actions?
> You could a/b test the recommendation algorithms by giving some users recommendation algorithm a and another group of users algorithm b.
You could run this test for a week and check for statistical significance in some key metrics between algorithm a and algorithm b. Some key
metrics you could track and measure for this would be:
- number of likes/dislikes a user submits on recommended music
- number of times a user skips music that was recommended
- amount of time spent listening
- number of times the user asks for more recommendations
- after sending recommendations, track whether a user records actually sends back a '/listen' containing our recommendation

--

How long did this assignment take?
> Before starting the assignment I spent roughly 5 hours reading about node, mongo, and express and working through some tutorials/exercises.
Once I actually started thinking about and writing code for this assignment, I spent about 10 more hours.

Where would be the bottlenecks of this solution you have implemented?
> The inserting of follows and listens are pretty lightweight and simple. However, as the recommendation algorithm expands and
we have more data, the work I do to determine recommended music could become a bottleneck.

What was the hardest part?
> Getting used to using callbacks for everything and trying to design readable code within this paradigm. I use callbacks/asynchronous
functions regularly in my daily work, however never to the extent that they are used in node and my entire design never has to revolve around them.

Did you learn something new?
> Yes! I learned how to wrap my head around using callbacks everywhere. I also learned some basics around node, mongo, express, and mocha (prior to
this I had never used any of these technologies).

Do you feel that your skills were well tested?
> I feel that my ability to pick up new skills, work independently, and hit the ground running were tested. I feel that design skills were somewhat tested,
but for the most part, just patience and resourcefulness while picking up new things. I think this assignment probably does a good job of evaluating
how well a person would actually do in a job, rather than their ability to design complex algorithms under pressure (which is what many interview processes
focus on but is rarely what is required on the job). 
